c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\MvcWebRole1.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\MvcWebRole1.pdb
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.StorageUtility.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\obj\Debug\MvcWebRole1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\obj\Debug\MvcWebRole1.dll
c:\users\yangyapeng\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WindowsAzure1\MvcWebRole1\obj\Debug\MvcWebRole1.pdb
